= acts_as_arter_flow_object

= Scenario

  In arters view, any character in a game has four process before it's created, desined or not, modeling? mapping? and rigged or not. They need to mark the progress of a character, 
this gem is a simple recorder to touch and untouch each process. You also can overwrite default four steps. Enjoy.


= Install

  gem install acts_as_arter_flow_object, then in your config/environment.rb add

  config.gem 'acts_as_arter_flow_object',  :version => '>=0.1.0'

= Scaffold

  After configuring gem, we should create a migrate file, run

  script/generate acts_as_arter_flow_object

  This will add a migrate file to your db/migrate directory

  rake db:migrate

= Models

  in models which you'd like to mark as an arter flow object

  class Foo < AR
    acts_as_arter_flow_object
  end

  After Foo create a new instance, there also a new ploymorphic record will be insert into arter_flow_objects table.

  To touch any process for a object:

  foo = Foo.find a_id
  foo.toggle_design!(some_arter)

  Get a progress status:

  foo.desined? or foo.mapped?, etc

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 tim.teng. See LICENSE for details.
